or is a man
by names
min
besides having an iron hand
since the nineties
is strong
Kirchner
now the ball to the net
at
and what better than the previous one and 5 percent with feder funds
the weakest link
the month of January during business hours
when the day finally arrived 25 minutes
80 percent
80 percent the state of welfare and safety of Salvador
I have put all the interest of Bolivia, Ecuador, Bolivia and Bolivia.
thousand injured the central comedy
really
but reality
maybe the treatment that was already like that
it's something new, what you want to say about the end of the meeting
in the northeast
at last
we will return to lead the future the weakness of the dollar
the tragedy of loveparade
although in Paris they can not integrate the government there was atmosphere with the
secure activation our mission is incredible
during the summer they do not forgive him then even stands out is for all
world mañón valleys of people that make up that they believe that you can not
try in five minutes of miller in the country we will start imagining improvement
the neighborhood the govern the end of it the deaths around the world
the government recommended 80% d of Wednesday will be 5 thousand good
the truth that we
we wait for all patients
in libya and video so they can corroborate the report I'm willing
we will bring it live and live like any patient who comes here
what this and they have not shown before anyone of public good
any problem, there is no problem, but without success he wants to go
patient escobar wanted to compare simple